we can not afford more gifts
I did not say we could not afford
losing more points can be lost
points if the opponent
is stronger than your adversary
plays very well if you have very bad
luck if your forward has failed 5
goals if your goalkeeper has failed in a
decisive moment if they can lose
matches and can lose points and has
said we can not give more no more
gifts with this premise appeared jose
mourinho at a press conference before
game this Sunday against
Deportivo de la Coruña after the
important victories against
Manchester City and Rayo Vallecano the
Real Madrid coach expects his team
maintain the same level of seriousness and
commitment shown jose mourinho has not
doubt the ability of your team
They won citi new circumstances that
we have won
it is very important is a message
deep in our team and win
necessary a always complicated match
for me for a few reasons and in addition
adding the problems of plays not
plays when he plays that playing time
team has responded well in a match
hard
those two games give me little feat mex
what I hope they are for to continue
that leisure to madrid finds your line
of game quality
of quality not only tactical technical
but also of mental quality and if
we find the real Madrid from this line
has conditions to chain a
series of many consecutive stories and
we will have possibilities to cut
points
it is not my concern and concerns
is simply to find a level and a
level of play in all its aspects
to be able to leave and recover points
the Real Madrid coach made clear his
good relationship with the president of the
Florentine club Perez
I have a spectacular communication with
the price could not have better I have
professional fantastic personal relationship
also but in spite of everything and must
feel free to comment on what
preside over is a matter of principle
I already am a coach I can not
commenting what jose mourinho says was
asked about the current relationship with
zinedine zidane and about if we will see
xavi and modric and useful playing together the
answer to the latter with much humor
since two months ago
has been fired in quotes fired
of functions in the first team has
been in the locker room you what
presume to know what happens here does not
I know that two months ago it has been
fired from us who said that
who sought his happiness that he sought
where
where to be more happier with your work and
that has come to the conclusion that no
I wanted to be the coach if you want
among you before before the
press conference up there they came to a
I agree that our team gives it to me
then maybe he accepted the idea or you
I say if you are far away you are if you are close
but we can have a little fun
you can always press so
traditional the next you
they arrive míster party against ex this is
the team
and we had fun for a while